the ingredients that we are going to need for this recipe are fried tomato
smoked salmon
anchovies and pasta
The first thing we are going to do is choose the anchovies, cut them into pieces and leave them well
chopped
in a saucepan add the cream and put to heat over low heat
we add the anchovies
and we are going to remove
until we see that those anchovies before facts
then add the fried tomato that we saw in previous marrakech
stir well
to mix
and we are going to reserve
with salmon, what I've done is cut the entity
and we leave it there for later
meanwhile we know the pasta
per hundred put a little salt
laurel
the water and a trickle of water
peace always following the instructions
enap until we bought in this case were seven minutes past that
time we see
siena pasta that nobody loose
and we went to the fruit of it
we are not going to change because if not
in my opinion it has properties
we put the sauce on top
and the salmon and so we have left
delicious
I hope you liked it
that's all to another